An experience that illuminates Navy culture, you can find them in many
movies. We have these things called 'port calls', where you have people,
maybe in their dress blues, which is like the nice uniform that
we have with the white sailor hat, you know, flipped to one side,
should be straight but, walking around a foreign port, you know, with
girls, kind of yelling, like, "Hey, come over here!" and you know,
you go there and drink beers and they are in many movies, Full Metal
Jacket and it can be guys and girls obviously, but in many movies,
you can kind of see that situation happen. The bar going sailor and
I think that pretty much is a fact. That is true. When you're in the
Navy, that you're going to have those experiences all the time and
those are going to be the checkmarks, the cool parts of your naval
career, going to port calls. So, just watch a movie and you'll see it.